Entering the BBSVC@Ventura Youth Room constitutes an agreement to comply with our code of conduct. 

Youth participants with Big Brothers Big Sisters of Ventura County (BBSVC) must agree to abide by the following rules and policies at all times while at the BBSVC@Ventura Youth Room or while representing BBSVC in the community. This includes adhering to the following terms and codes of conduct, as well as any rules implemented by the supervising BBSVC staffperson that are determined to be in the best interest of youth safety at any time. 

In order to ensure a safe, positive, inclusive space for all participants, the number of youth at the Youth Room will be limited to 12 juveniles for each adult staff. 

There is no congregating in ways that block doors or emergency exits, or access to life/safety equipment. 
 

All participants will demonstrate kindness and respect at all times. 

BBSVC does not discriminate on the basis of race, faith, national origin, color, gender and sexual identities, ages, marital statuses, and [dis]abilities. We welcome, serve, and encourage positive involvement by youth, parents/guardians, volunteers, Board Directors, agency staff, and other participants from all demographics and identities. 

Respectful language only. No profanity, disrespectful, or unsafe language. 

There is a ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY for fighting. There is a ZERO TOLERANCE POLICY for filming fights or distributing video of fights, even if these do not occur IN the Youth Room. 

Remain in the Teen Room. No in and out. 

Noise must be kept at a conversational level. 

Clean up your area before leaving, throwing trash away. 

Earbuds or headphones must be used with personal devices. No sound coming from electronic devices. 

Youth engaging in groups may be asked to leave as a group even if it is only one individual demonstrating bad behaviors. 
 

Checking-In & Checking-Out must be completed every time a participant enters and exits the Youth Room. 

Youth participants must check in with staff and provide their first and last name, email, phone number, and zip code.  

Check-in and Check-out may occur through the BBSVC@Ventura Youth Room App or with the QR code posted at the entry of the space, or through a paper application provided and collected by BBSVC staff. 

Youth ages 0-12 must be accompanied by a parent/guardian at all times. 

Youth ages 13 and up may be unaccompanied, provided that the youth is able to navigate independently to the space from home or school without adult supervision required by their parent or guardian. 
 

Participants will be asked to leave the BBSVC@Ventura Youth Room IMMEDIATELY if any of the following occurs: 

Picking up, hitting, kicking, chasing another person, or taking another person’s property 

Entering a staff area, cabinets, or drawers without permission; misuse of supplies 

Unsafe or destructive behaviors such as vandalism or damage to equipment, furniture, walls, or other property 

Disrespect to BBSVC staff or volunteers, mall tenants/businesses, and/or mall security 

If you are asked to leave for a minor violation, you may return the next day with a clean slate. 

Repeated violations may result in a longer suspension from the Youth Room, at which time BBSVC staff will determine when you may return to the space. 

By entering the room, you consent to a MEDIA RELEASE for capturing social media content, print material, etc. 

All visitors consent for all purpose to the reproduction and/or use of photographs and video of their person (with or without the use of their name) by BBSVC and by any nominee or designee of BBSVC (including any agency, client, periodical or other publication) in all forms and media and in all manners, including social media, advertising, trade, display, editorial, art, and exhibition. 

In giving this consent, visitors release BBSVC, their nominees and designees from liability for any violation of any personal or proprietary right they may have in connection with such reproduction, or use.